Explain potential fragmentation issues for the POOLED memory allocator [HZG-256] (#1525)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/storage/pages/high-density-memory.adoc

operating system mostly.
*** For memory allocation, it tries to find the requested memory size inside
the internal memory pools. If it cannot be found, then it interacts with the operating system.

> *** Please note that the buddy memory allocation system may cause internal fragmentation depending on the size of the memory request. Since memory is allocated in block sizes that are power-of-two, a request that does not exactly match the available block size will result in allocation of the next larger block, potentially leaving unused space. For example, a 68 KB request will likely result in the allocation of a 128 KB block, wasting 60 KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** Please note that the buddy memory allocation system may cause internal fragmentation depending on the size of the memory allocation request and configured page sizes. Since memory is allocated in block sizes that are a power-of-two, a request that does not exactly match the available block size will result in allocation of the next largest block, potentially leaving unused space. For example, when using 128 KB page sizes, a 68 KB request will result in the allocation of a 128 KB block, wasting 60 KB.
```

Author: Thanks James, fixed at https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1525/commits/3e790d7bdf417e096d4d2f81a8fc461b3ea1e71a

> *** Although the buddy memory allocation system reduces external fragmentation by merging free buddy blocks into larger ones, it may still lead to external fragmentation if the system does not have sufficiently large free buddy blocks to allocate request. As a result, larger memory requests might be rejected, even if the total free memory is sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** Although the buddy memory allocation system reduces external fragmentation by merging contiguous and free buddy blocks of the same size into larger ones, it may still lead to external fragmentation if the system does not have sufficiently large free buddy blocks to allocate for the request. As a result, larger memory requests might be rejected, even if the total free memory is sufficient.
```

Author: fixed at https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1525/commits/3e790d7bdf417e096d4d2f81a8fc461b3ea1e71a
